Hosted Launch: Create/Update Deployments (#2255)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-deployment-resources.md

3. Click **Edit Details**. 
4. Select **Celery** or **Kubernetes** in the **Executor** list. If you're moving from the Celery to the Kubernetes executor, all existing worker queues are deleted. Running tasks stop gracefully and all new tasks start with the selected executor.
5. Click **Update**.

> 6. Optional. Configure worker queues and tasks to optimize your executor resource usage. See [Configure an executor](executors.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Optional. Configure worker queues and tasks to optimize your infrastructure consumption. See [Configure an executor](executors.md).
```

Something is off here?

Author: This sounds like you're consuming infrastructure, I think the OG is alright. But what doesn't gel is that this is still an optional step, I think it makes more sense to have it as a follow up outside of the main process.

## Scheduler size

The [Airflow scheduler](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/scheduler.html) is responsible for monitoring task execution and triggering downstream tasks when the dependencies are met. 

> Scheduler resources must be set for each Deployment and are managed separately from cluster-level infrastructure. To ensure that your tasks have the CPU and memory required to complete successfully on Astro, you can provision the scheduler with varying amounts of CPU and memory.

Reviewer: We might need to clarify here that 

- scheduler does not autoscale
- scheduled count affects pricing (link to pricing page)

Author: Do we run more than one scheduler? Note sure what to make of "scheduled count affects pricing", as it seems obvious that more resources = more cost.

### Update scheduler size 

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.
2. Click the **Details** tab.
3. Click **Edit Details**. 
4. Choose a scheduler size. See [Scheduler size](#scheduler-size).
5. Click **Update**.

    The Airflow components of your Deployment automatically restart to apply the updated resource allocations. This action is equivalent to deploying code and triggers a rebuild of your Deployment image. If you're using the Celery executor, currently running tasks have 24 hours to complete before their running workers are terminated. See [What happens during a code deploy](deploy-code.md#what-happens-during-a-code-deploy).

:::info Alternative setup for Astro Hybrid

> This document applies only to Astro Hybrid users. Astro Hybrid runs is a version of Astro that runs in your own company's cloud. To see whether you're an Astro Hybrid user, open your Organization in the Cloud UI and go to **Settings** > **General**. Your version of Astro is listed under **Product Type**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document applies only to Astro Hybrid users. Astro Hybrid is a version of Astro that runs in your own company's cloud. To see whether you're an Astro Hybrid user, open your Organization in the Cloud UI and go to **Settings** > **General**. Your version of Astro is listed under **Product Type**.
```

5. Click **Update**.
6. Optional. Configure worker queues and tasks to optimize resource usage on your Deployment. See [Configure an executor](executors.md).

## Scheduler size

The [Airflow scheduler](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/scheduler.html) is responsible for monitoring task execution and triggering downstream tasks when the dependencies are met. 

> Scheduler resources must be set for each Deployment and are managed separately from cluster-level infrastructure. To ensure that your tasks have the CPU and memory required to complete successfully on Astro, you can provision the scheduler with varying amounts of CPU and memory. See the following table for recommendations of 

Author: Need a tech reviewer to help with recommendations for scheduler size.

You can also update your Workspace so that any new Deployments in the Workspace enforce CI/CD deploys by default. See [Update general Workspace settings](manage-workspaces.md#update-general-workspace-settings).

## Enable high availability

:::info

This feature is on by default for Astro Hosted users. 

:::

> When a Deployment has high availability enabled, it runs multiple instances of its Airflow components across separate nodes for resiliency. This ensures that your DAGs can continue to run if there's an issue with one of the clusters your component instance is running on.

Reviewer: Component instance?

> When a Deployment has high availability enabled, it runs multiple instances of its Airflow components across separate nodes for resiliency. This ensures that your DAGs can continue to run if there's an issue with one of the clusters your component instance is running on.

Reviewer: Prob a liiiitle more detail we can give here.

Which components are HA when this is toggled? Tell folks that affects pricing too

## Delete a Deployment

> When you delete a Deployment, all infrastructure resources assigned to the Deployment are immediately deleted. However, the Kubernetes namespace and metadata database for the Deployment are retained for 30 days. Deleted Deployments can't be restored. If you accidentally delete a Deployment, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

Author: Is this still true?
